right there dude that's the dude
ok this teeth my bag this you
think he's gonna eat me
we finally got through the
coyote night I'm laying in my
bag I feel this little yank on
my sleeping bag and look out
there and there's a coyote like
at the foot of my sleeping bag
isn't that insane if you bit in
the right place and sleeping
back you were like bit my foot
since corrected the tent like I
see the two years oven such as
something that's my stomach
and so I kind of sit up and
immediately see something kind
of scurry off and if you only
screws off like five more feet
he's still like sitting there
staring at me like and my gut
instinct was just to do that
kind of God but I was freaked